Doc: Migrate remaining program notes from wiki (#7886)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/gdal_translate.rst

.. option:: -a_srs <srs_def>

    Override the projection for the output file. Can be used with

>     :option:`-a_ullr` to specify the pixel coordinate and size in this
>     projection.

Reviewer: phrasing sounds odd to me, maybe instead:
```suggestion
    :option:`-a_ullr` to specify the extent in this projection.
```
